Izzo 2 3 Solo activity 2 I heard that you're busy.
So do not be too busy to prepare long-term market
Oh, how I'll go down the provincial road in giant Oh man I just drank
I saw a restaurant. I went to a restaurant. Oh.
Oh, your mouthpieces.
Geureongeol go back to eating the country Where another coolant that is famous all Noodles Cafe
I feel like I'm a member of you .
I write to find a moment, even ten geujeongdo
Sindang-dong case, I know that Tteokbokki june entered into a rice cake shop sigh
Yes. I've been there now for three months now . I 've eaten it all. Oh, really.
A real Western beggar.
5 Ah I know that I wrote in charge
You can put a strong name.
on & on about sucking salty Oh, I've seen it all by businesses as a
We'll have thousands in there before we get to it.
The most delicious baggage is now cheap,
Ah
I think I will shop in Daitei excited in Korea
Oh, I'm a lot of up now.
Ah ah ah ah you
Normally, those who do not have a lot of glasses are getting better glasses.
Oh, yeah. I thought of rock separately.
So ah ah ah others Visualization
I took a kick jaukyi feet grading conclusions of this Article byureo feet are too many sins
not
Heilongjiang whether I go. [Chuckles] Well ah
Eco-friendly stop me, I will join the child
Ah
It is true that it is true to say that we have a lot of market share without actually realizing the dish
Is not it a story?
However, for the business, the Joe Tap Tap Kim Hyun-jung
Have you ever been to this shop to go to a meal , but soon the last shoot
Good.
wsd vertical b4
I know you have one town
Yes, we are Bernadette visa
It's cheaper.
It's expensive. Oo ah ah ah
1 I think I'm under pressure too.
I'm cheap and delicious.
It 's no wonder you're drinking a fight.
The party is expensive if you put good ingredients in it and give it that much.
Oh it's so nice, it's easy to pd left